Streamline RFC process from four stages to a single Proposal stage (#2600)
elastic/ecs: rfcs/README.md

Check out [Proposing Changes](./PROCESS.md) for high level information about the RFC process.

## How this works

1. Copy the [RFC template](./0000-rfc-template.md) with a name format of `0000-<dash-separated-name>.md`.
2. Fill in all sections of the template, including the target maturity (alpha or beta) for the proposed fields.
3. Open a PR to commit your RFC to [rfcs/](./).
4. The ECS committee reviews the proposal and provides feedback.

> 5. On approval the committee merges the PR, and the ECS team assigns a unique RFC number.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. On approval the ECS team verifies a unique RFC number and merges the PR
```
